research_direction: Spinal Stenosis and Degenerative Spondylolisthesis. We included studies involving adult patients older than 18 years of age, with age stratified in the analysis. We applied no limitations on gender or age. We defined inclusion by both clinical findings and imaging. We defined the symptom and sign complex indicating high confidence in the diagnosis of 'symptomatic spinal stenosis' as either neurogenic claudication or monoradicular or polyradicular symptoms that are neuro-anatomically consistent with an area of pathological stenosis. We needed images to clearly show congenital or degenerative narrowing, or both, of the spinal canal with displacement or compression or deformity of neural elements. When patients presented with some degree of degenerative spondylolisthesis, we included them only when they also presented with primary neurological claudication or radicular symptoms. We excluded those with non-specific low back pain and radicular pain secondary to primary pathological conditions other than spinal stenosis. Excluded conditions were isthmic spondylolisthesis, disc herniation and post-fracture stenosis. For studies including mixed clinical populations, we contacted study authors to collect data on eligible patients. When we received no answer, or when subgroups were not included, we excluded those studies. Other_info: Types of studies: We considered for inclusion both randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-randomised controlled studies comparing surgical procedures versus non-surgical treatments. Randomised studies are those in which participants are selected truly at random with a computer-generated sequence used to assign participants, or closed envelopes, block randomisations and similar approaches. Quasi-randomised studies are those in which the method of allocating participants to treatment is not strictly random, for example, by date of birth, hospital record number or alternation. Types of participants: We included studies involving adult patients older than 18 years of age, with age stratified in the analysis. We applied no limitations on gender or age. We defined inclusion by both clinical findings and imaging. We defined the symptom and sign complex indicating high confidence in the diagnosis of 'symptomatic spinal stenosis' as either neurogenic claudication or monoradicular or polyradicular symptoms that are neuro-anatomically consistent with an area of pathological stenosis. We needed images to clearly show congenital or degenerative narrowing, or both, of the spinal canal with displacement or compression or deformity of neural elements. When patients presented with some degree of degenerative spondylolisthesis, we included them only when they also presented with primary neurological claudication or radicular symptoms. We excluded those with non-specific low back pain and radicular pain secondary to primary pathological conditions other than spinal stenosis. Excluded conditions were isthmic spondylolisthesis, disc herniation and post-fracture stenosis. For studies including mixed clinical populations, we contacted study authors to collect data on eligible patients. When we received no answer, or when subgroups were not included, we excluded those studies. Types of interventions: We included all types of surgical procedures (decompression, spinal fusion, any kind of device or prosthesis) compared with all types of non-surgical procedures (e.g. exercise, manipulation, mobilisation, physical therapy, drugs, acupuncture, bracing, education and cognitive-behavioural treatments). We did not group interventions together but separately evaluated the effectiveness of different types of surgical procedures versus different types of non-surgical interventions. Types of outcome measures: Disability and functional status, as measured by a back pain-specific scale (e.g. Roland-Morris Disability Questionnaire (RMDQ), Oswestry Disability Index (ODI)). Pain intensity, as measured by a visual analogue or other pain scale (e.g. visual analogue scale (VAS), numerical rating scale (NRS), McGill Pain Scale). Health-related quality of life (e.g. Short Form (SF)-36 (as measured by the general health subscale), European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Core Quality of Life Questionnaire (EuroQol), general health (e.g. as measured on a VAS scale) or a similarly validated index). Walking capacity (e.g. walking distance before participant is forced to stop because of symptoms of spinal stenosis). Secondary outcome measures included side effects, complications, failure rates and patient satisfaction. Side effects and complications could be injuries secondary to the intervention, including infection, neurological damage and worsening of symptoms. Assessment was considered according to the amount of time that had passed since the intervention was provided (i.e. short-term: six months; intermediate: up to 24 months; long-term: five years or longer). Other_info: Types of studies bias assessment: We applied a systematic approach to assess potential biases in included studies, focusing on attrition bias, co-interventions bias, reporting bias, and other relevant factors. For each study, we evaluated the risk of bias based on the completeness of data collection, the presence of missing outcomes, and the comparability of groups. The decision to include or exclude a study was based on the overall risk of bias, with a focus on minimizing potential confounding factors that could affect the validity of the study's conclusions. filter_requirements: 近两年，关键词：Does the Duration of Symptoms in Patients With Spinal Stenosis and Degenerative Spondylolisthesis Affect Outcomes？ Other_info: 用户纠正了论文 'DESIGN OF THE SPINE PATIENT OUTCOMES RESEARCH TRIAL (SPORT)' 应纳入。系统之前无法确定。