research_direction: CAM疗法与其他疗法的比较研究  
We included parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and only the first phase data of randomised cross-over trials in any data analysis. We assessed participants of any age and gender with a diagnosis of acne vulgaris or papulopustular, inflammatory, juvenile, or polymorphic acne. Eligible interventions included any kind of CAM therapy, such as diet and nutrition; mind-body interventions; bioelectromagnetics; traditional and folk remedies; biological treatments; manual healing methods; and herbal medicine (including low-glycemic diet), compared with no treatment; placebo; or other active therapies.  

other_info: Improvement of clinical signs assessed through skin lesion counts (total of inflamed and non-inflamed counted separately) and acne severity scores. Adverse effects assessed by reporting early study discontinuations, the worsening of acne in participants, and other adverse events during the treatment and follow-up period. Physicians' global evaluation (after treatment). Participants' self assessment of change in specific types of lesion (such as comedones, papules, pustules, or nodules). Psychological and social function outcomes (such as the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD)). Quality of life (QoL). We combined the Physicians' global evaluation and Participants' self assessment of change in specific types of lesion and expressed them as the 'Number of participants with remission' as this had a clear definition and was easy to assess. The word 'remission' was defined according to the 'Guiding principle of clinical research on new drugs of traditional Chinese medicine' (Zheng 2002), which means lesions totally faded (or >95% faded) and only mild pigmentation and scars remaining. Exclusion criteria: randomised controlled trials with first phase data; studies excluding any participant type. Low-glycemic diet was included as an additional intervention in the CAM therapy category, assessed for its specific effects on痤疮患者的症状改善。